>> Will: There you go, so
there's more stuff to add.
Now, we are now, I think, reaching
most of the key pieces being added.
Do we still have some medium thumbs?
Andrea, go ahead.
>> Andrea: So how do you properly
garbage collect the live data?
Does it just, as long as there is
a minding function it stays there, right?
I guess I'm a little.
>> Will: So the reason you're doing
this is because you want this.
You mean this live data here?
>> Andrea: Yeah [CROSSTALK].
>> Will: But the reason you're doing this
is you want that data to stick around.
>> Andrea: Right, so
let's say you're done,
let's say you're doing a big program and
you don't want it to have a memory link.
>> Will: Spot on, very,
very fair question.
Well, where is this scope
property attached to?
>> Andrea: To the function.
>> Will: To the function value.
>> Andrea: Value, okay.
>> Will: So what could I do to change out
the value attached to my new function?
Java script is a dynamic language,
what could I do?
>> Andrea: Assign it something else?
>> Will: Assign it something else.
Overwrite everything, including the hidden
scope property included into the map pack.
Great question, Andrea.
What a fantastic question,
never had that question before.
Katie?
>> Katie: [LAUGH] Now I have
another one so.
[CROSSTALK] Okay so what if we do want,
I know that we don't have access to
that counter but then what is the point?
>> Will: Well we do have access,
where do we have access to it from?
By running this function and making sure
that the function was written in such
a way that it refers to
something that ain't defined.
So if we look, so let's see this.
What is my new function,
the functionality of?
Katie?
>> Katie: The increment.
>> Will: Increment counter.
Do we define anything inside increment
counter, now known as my new function?
No we don't, right?
All we do is refer to this counter thing.
Well that means we go looking for
it in local.
We didn't define anything in local,
right, so
we look next up in the backpack that
came out on the my new function.
On the increment counter function
stored in my new function.
Had a little backpack on it
where counter is zero in it and
so we can go and interact and
increment counter to one.
Katie?
>> Katie: What if I want
to use that outside
[CROSSTALK]
>> Will: It's sort of bundled up inside
there, right?
>> Katie: Yeah.
>> Will: Well then let's write
a really useful statement.
Let's change the definition of increment
counter to counter plus-plus, sure,
but then add a line in it that says,
return counter.
So now, if I ran my new function,
counter plus-plus,
do I find counter in my local memory?
No?
Where do I look next, Muhammad?
>> Muhammad: In the backpack.
>> Will: In the backpack.
See, tell me that isn't the best term for
it.
>> [LAUGH]
>> Will: In the backpack what do I find?
Well, let's pretend we haven't run it yet,
what do I find, Mohammad?
>> Muhammad: Zero.
>> Will: Zero, yeah,
counter is zero increment to one, and
then the next line I hit inside
the myNewFunction call says return?
>> Muhammad: Counter.
>> Will: Where do I find,
where do I look for counter first?
>> Muhammad: Local.
>> Will: Do I find it?
>> Muhammad: Yeah.
Well no, I guess.
It's still gonna [INAUDIBLE]
>> Will: No, I go up here, what do I find?
One, and so what do I return out?
One, and the one returns out.
Okay, do you see, now I'm putting it
back into my sort of regular land.
So I just write this
function in a smart way.
I can also make my
increment counter function,
not an increment counter function but
just a increase by.
And pass in a num to the definition.
Which, then when it gets called,
could have a 3 and
make counter++ actually be counter += 3,
right?
And then that's gonna
actually update this.
So I can really interact
with it any way I want.
I just gotta write my function,
the internal function,
before I pass it out, I need to write
it in a way that makes it interactive.
Makes sense?
Great question Katie.
Go ahead, Griffin.
>> Griffin: Could counter be
like an array or an object?
>> Will: It could be anything you want.
And we're gonna see,
that's what allows us to do some of
the most powerful things with this.
Spot on, Griffin.
There was still another clarification,
yeah Andrew?
>> Andrew: So does it take
everything declared before function.
Everything?
>> Will: No the bond made
at the function definition,
properly square bracket squared, is so
the whole local memory which is not
an object, but is a single entity.
So the bond is not to the stuff that came
above, it's to the whole set of stuff.
So any set of live data,
the whole variable environment as a whole,
the whole thing.
So, if you were to define something after,
no problem.
That's all still gonna be
bonded in there as long as
when you return that increment counter,
that that increment counter functionality
makes reference to all that stuff.
If it doesn't, Jarvis is really smart and
won't return the stuff that never gets
referenced again in the backpack.